label,sentence
question,Do you like Paris?,
question,Can you speak Russian?
question,Will you marry me?
question,What did you have for breakfast?
question,Which newspaper do you read?
question,Who is your favourite actor?
question,who made you
question,when will the world end
question,how fast can an elephant run
question,why are fire trucks red
social,Have a nice day.
social,Get well soon.
social,Help yourselves to coffee.
statement,Jimmy loves his dog,
statement,The government will make an announcement at noon,
statement,She reads two newspapers every day
statement,I like Mycroft
exclamation,What a nice person you are!
exclamation,What a beautiful painting!,
exclamation,How clever you are!,
exclamation,How wonderful that is!
command,Eat your dinner
command,Be quiet
command,Open the pod bay doors
command,Do your homework
request,Would you feed the dog, please.
request,Would you mind shutting the door.
request,Could I have that now, thank you.
request,Could you pass me the salt please?
question,What is your favorite food?
question,How tall is the Eiffel Tower?
question,Where did you go on vacation last year?
question,Who won the last World Cup?
social,Thank you for your help.
social,It was great meeting you!
statement,The Earth revolves around the sun.
statement,The movie was very suspenseful.
statement,She is an excellent cook.
exclamation,Wow, what an incredible performance!
exclamation,How amazing that sunset is!
exclamation,This is the best day ever!
command,Please close the window.
command,Turn off the lights when you leave.
command,Do not touch that button.
request,Can I have a glass of water, please?
request,Would you be able to lend me a hand with this?
question,What's your favorite color?
question,How long have you been studying French?
question,What time does the movie start?
question,Can you recommend a good restaurant in the area?
question,Why do you think it's important to exercise?
question,Who is your favorite author?
question,Where were you born?
social,Congratulations on your new job!
social,Thank you for your help.
social,Happy holidays!
statement,The earth is round.
statement,I don't like spicy food.
statement,Travel broadens the mind.
statement,Reading is my favorite hobby.
exclamation,What a great performance!
exclamation,How amazing is that sunset!
exclamation,What a delicious meal!
exclamation,How incredible is this view!
command,Turn off the lights.
command,Put your phone away.
command,Stay here.
request,Can you please lend me your pen?
request,Would it be possible to borrow your car?
request,Can you help me move this table?
request,May I have a glass of water?
question,How long does it take to fly from London to New York?
question,What is the capital of Australia?
question,Where can I find a good sushi restaurant in this area?
question,Who wrote the book "The Great Gatsby"?
question,What is the highest mountain in the world?
social,Good morning
social,Thank you for your help.
social,It was nice meeting you.
statement,The Earth is round.
statement,I believe that exercise is important for a healthy lifestyle.
statement,In my opinion, this restaurant has the best pizza in town.
exclamation,Wow, what an amazing performance!
exclamation,How incredible that sunset looks!
exclamation,That's fantastic news!
command,Please turn off the lights.
command,Hand me the screwdriver, please.
request,Can you please lend me your pen?
request,Would you mind letting me borrow your phone charger?
request,Can you tell me where the nearest gas station is?
request,Can I have a glass of water, please?
forbidden_command,Don't touch the stove, it's hot.
forbidden_command,You are not allowed to go outside
forbidden_command,It is forbidden to run inside the house
forbidden_command,Don't touch that!
question,How many continents are there in the world?
question,What is the distance between New York and Los Angeles?
question,What's the weather like today?
social,Have a great weekend!
social,Take care of yourself.
statement,The internet has revolutionized the way we communicate.
statement,Music has a profound impact on human emotions.
exclamation,That's incredible news!
exclamation,How beautiful that flower is!
command,Drive safely.
command,Don't forget to lock the door.
request,Would you be so kind as to lend me your pen?
request,Could you please pass me the remote?
forbidden_command,Don't eat that, it's spoiled.
forbidden_command,Don't walk on the grass.
question,What's your favorite song?
question,How many languages do you speak?
question,What is the population of Tokyo?
question,What's the weather like today?
question,How old are you?
social,Congratulations on your graduation!
social,Happy birthday!
social,Have a safe trip!
statement,The economy is improving.
statement,I prefer tea over coffee.
statement,Playing sports is good for your health.
exclamation,What a beautiful day!
exclamation,How awesome is that!
exclamation,This is incredible news!
command,Take out the trash.
command,Don't be late for the meeting.
command,Be careful with that vase.
request,Can you please pass me the menu?
request,Would you mind giving me a ride to the airport?
request,Can you recommend a good book to read?
forbidden_command,Don't smoke in this area.
forbidden_command,Don't use your phone while driving.
forbidden_command,Do not enter this area without permission.
forbidden_command,It is prohibited to litter.
question,How many countries are in Africa?
question,What is the best way to learn a new language?
question,What is the name of the longest river in South America?
social,Congratulations on your graduation!
social,Happy birthday!
social,Hope to see you again soon.
statement,The internet has changed the way we communicate.
statement,I prefer tea over coffee.
statement,Traveling alone can be a great experience.
exclamation,How beautiful this flower is!
exclamation,What a stunning performance!
exclamation,This is unbelievable!
command,Take out the trash.
command,Don't forget to lock the door.
command,Stay safe.
request,Can you please send me the document?
request,May I borrow your umbrella?
request,Can you recommend a good book to read?
forbidden_command,Do not enter this area.
forbidden_command,Stop running right now.
forbidden_command,Don't touch the exhibit.
question,What is the capital of Brazil?
question,How many continents are there?
question,Who was the first person to walk on the moon?
social,Good luck with your interview!
social,Cheers to a great night!
social,Happy birthday!
statement,The company's profits have been steadily increasing.
statement,The beach is my happy place.
statement,I think that music is a universal language.
exclamation,How incredible is this artwork!
exclamation,What a stunning view!
exclamation,This is the best news ever!
command,Take out the trash.
command,Don't forget to set your alarm.
command,Stay focused on your goals.
request,Can you lend me a hand with this heavy box?
request,Would you be able to pick up some milk from the store?
request,Can you please pass me the remote?
forbidden_command,Do not enter this area.
forbidden_command,Don't speak to strangers.
forbidden_command,It is prohibited to smoke in this building.
forbidden_command,Stay away from the edge.
question,What is your favorite type of music?
question,What is the highest recorded temperature on Earth?
question,How many people live in New York City?
social,Happy New Year!
social,Thank you for your time.
statement,The United States is the third-largest country in the world by area.
statement,The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
statement,Exercise can improve your mood and reduce stress.
exclamation,How stunning is that view!
exclamation,That's amazing!
exclamation,How beautiful is this flower!
command,Don't forget to take your medication.
command,Take a deep breath and relax.
request,Can you please send me that file?
request,Would you mind passing me the salt?
forbidden_command,Do not drink and drive.
forbidden_command,Do not enter without permission.
question,What is the largest mammal in the world?
question,How many elements are on the periodic table?
question,What is the name of the largest desert in the world?
social,Happy Thanksgiving!
social,Congratulations on your promotion!
statement,Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
statement,The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef system.
statement,Reading can improve your vocabulary and critical thinking skills.
exclamation,What a wonderful surprise!
exclamation,How gorgeous is that dress!
exclamation,That's fantastic!
command,Please turn off your cell phone.
command,Pay attention to the road while driving.
request,Can you please make me a cup of tea?
request,Would you be able to lend me a hand with this project?
forbidden_command,Do not smoke in this area.
forbidden_command,Do not touch the art.
question,What is the highest grossing movie of all time?
question,Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
question,What is the largest mammal in the world?
question,Who was the first person to step on the moon?
question,What is the largest planet in our solar system?
social,Happy Valentine's Day!
social,Enjoy your weekend!
statement,The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef system in the world.
statement,The human body is made up of approximately 60% water.
exclamation,What a beautiful view!
exclamation,How stunning is that sunset!
command,Please make sure to lock the door when you leave.
command,Don't forget to turn off the oven when you're done.
request,Can you please pass me the salt?
request,Would you be able to give me a ride to the airport?
forbidden_command,Don't touch the art.
forbidden_command,Do not enter without permission.
question,What is the most widely spoken language in the world?
question,What is the highest point in North America?
question,Who invented the telephone?
social,Happy Mother's Day!
social,Good luck on your exam!
statement,The Amazon Rainforest is the largest rainforest in the world.
statement,The Mona Lisa is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci.
exclamation,That's incredible!
exclamation,How wonderful is that!
command,Please turn down the volume.
command,Don't touch the hot stove.
request,Can you please lend me a hand?
request,Would you mind passing me a napkin?
forbidden_command,Don't drink and drive.
forbidden_command,Do not trespass.
question,What is your favorite sport?
question,What is the tallest animal in the world?
question,What is the boiling point of water?
social,Good luck on your exam!
social,Have a great day at work!
statement,The Mona Lisa is a famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci.
statement,The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef system in the world.
statement,The human body is made up of approximately 60% water.
exclamation,What a stunning view!
exclamation,How fascinating!
exclamation,This is unbelievable!
command,Please take a seat.
command,Wait for me outside.
command,Leave the room immediately.
request,Can you please help me carry these boxes?
request,Would you mind passing me a tissue?
forbidden_command,Do not touch the electric fence.
forbidden_command,Do not open the emergency exit.
question,What is the largest planet in our solar system?
question,What is the capital of France?
question,What is the meaning of life?
social,Happy anniversary!
social,Thank you for coming to my party!
statement,The Amazon Rainforest is the largest rainforest in the world.
statement,Cooking at home is often healthier than eating out at a restaurant.
statement,The Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776.
exclamation,What a gorgeous dress!
exclamation,How incredible is that achievement!
exclamation,This is amazing news!
command,Take a deep breath.
command,Don't forget your keys.
request,Can you please lend me your book?
request,Would it be possible to get a glass of water?
forbidden_command,Do not smoke in the building.
forbidden_command,Do not enter this area without permission.
question,What is the largest ocean in the world?
question,What is the fastest land animal?
question,What is the most common element in the Earth's atmosphere?
social,Happy Valentine's Day!
social,Thank you for your kind words.
statement,The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to the United States.
statement,The sun is a star that is located at the center of our solar system.
statement,Exercise can improve both physical and mental health.
exclamation,What an amazing experience!
exclamation,How beautiful is that artwork!
exclamation,This is fantastic!
command,Please take off your shoes.
command,Put your phone on silent.
request,Can you please call me a taxi?
request,Would you be able to lend me a hand with this project?
forbidden_command,Do not touch the paintings.
forbidden_command,Do not feed the animals at the zoo.
question,What is the smallest country in the world?
question,What is the currency used in Japan?
question,What is the highest waterfall in the world?
social,Happy Thanksgiving!
social,Congratulations on your new baby!
statement,The Titanic was a British passenger ship that famously sank in 1912.
statement,The human brain weighs approximately three pounds.
statement,The first iPhone was released in 2007.
exclamation,How stunning is that sunset!
exclamation,What an impressive accomplishment!
exclamation,This is phenomenal news!
command,Please turn down the music.
command,Do not touch the artwork.
request,Can you please pass me the salt and pepper?
request,Would it be possible to schedule a meeting for next week?
forbidden_command,Do not touch the thermostat.
forbidden_command,Do not use the elevator during a fire.
social,Have a great day!
social,Take care of yourself.
statement,Reading is an important part of learning.
statement,The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
exclamation,What a beautiful painting!
exclamation,How wonderful that is!
command,Please close the window.
command,Put your phone away.
request,Would you mind shutting the door?
request,Could I have that now, please?
forbidden_command,Don't leave the stove on.
forbidden_command,Do not use the elevator during a fire.
forbidden_command,Don't touch that!
forbidden_command,Don't touch that! It's hot!
request,Would you mind helping me with this task?
question,What is the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?
question,What is the meaning of life?
question,How do you make a perfect cup of coffee?
question,What is the largest desert in the world?
social,Thank you for your kind words.
social,Have a great day ahead!
social,Stay safe and take care.
statement,The world is facing a climate crisis.
statement,Education is the key to success.
statement,Laughter is the best medicine.
exclamation,How stunning is this view!
exclamation,That's an amazing idea!
exclamation,How delicious does this food smell!
command,Please turn off your cell phone during the movie.
command,Don't forget to bring your passport to the airport.
command,Please keep the noise level down in the library.
request,Can you please lend me some money until payday?
request,Would you mind passing me the salt, please?
request,Can you tell me how to get to the nearest hospital?
forbidden_command,Do not enter this area without permission.
forbidden_command,Do not touch the exhibits in the museum.
forbidden_command,Do not feed the wild animals.
question,What is the best way to learn a new language?
question,What is the difference between a virus and a bacteria?
question,What is the most common language spoken in the world?
social,Happy anniversary!
social,Thank you for being there for me.
social,Welcome to the team!
statement,Hard work pays off in the end.
statement,Money cannot buy happiness.
statement,The early bird catches the worm.
exclamation,How exciting is this news!
exclamation,That's a great accomplishment!
exclamation,How beautiful is this artwork!
command,Please clean up after yourself.
command,Don't forget to lock the door when you leave.
command,Please do not smoke in the building.
request,Can you please send me the document via email?
request,Would you mind holding the door for me?
request,Can you recommend a good book to read?
forbidden_command,Do not use your cell phone while driving.
forbidden_command,Do not leave your luggage unattended.
forbidden_command,Do not use fireworks without proper safety measures.
question,What are the most popular sports in your country?
question,How do you say "hello" in Mandarin?
question,What are some good books to read for beginners in your language?
question,What is the history of your hometown?
social,Thank you for inviting me!
social,Let's grab coffee sometime!
social,It was great seeing you again.
statement,The environment is suffering from pollution and climate change.
statement,Reading books is a great way to expand your knowledge.
statement,People should be treated equally regardless of their race gender or sexuality.
exclamation,What an incredible view from up here!
exclamation,How amazing is this dish!
exclamation,This is the best news I've heard all day!
command,Please be quiet in the library.
command,Don't forget to turn off the stove before you leave.
command,Be sure to wear sunscreen when you're outside.
request,Would you be able to proofread my essay?
request,Could you please show me how to use this software?
request,Can you help me find my lost keys?
forbidden_command,Don't touch that, it's fragile.
forbidden_command,You are not allowed to smoke in this area.
forbidden_command,Do not enter this area, it's dangerous.
question,What are some common traditions in your culture?
question,What is your favorite hobby?
question,What are the best places to visit in your city?
social,Happy anniversary!
social,It was nice to meet your family.
social,Let's plan a trip together.
statement,Education is important for personal and societal growth.
statement,We should all strive to be more environmentally conscious in our daily lives.
statement,The arts are an important aspect of human culture.
exclamation,Wow, what an amazing performance!
exclamation,How beautiful is this artwork!
exclamation,This is the happiest I've felt in a long time!
command,Please put your phone on silent during the movie.
command,Don't forget to bring your ID to the airport.
command,Stay safe and stay hydrated in the heat.
request,Can you please explain this concept to me again?
request,Would you mind giving me a ride to the train station?
request,Can you recommend a good place to buy shoes?
forbidden_command,Do not use your phone while driving.
forbidden_command,Do not drink and drive.
forbidden_command,Don't touch the exhibits in the museum.
statement,Reading books before bed helps me fall asleep.
statement,I have been learning to play the guitar for a year now.
statement,I think learning a new language is very rewarding.
exclamation,What an impressive performance by the dancers!
exclamation,How breathtaking is the view from here!
exclamation,This is a dream come true!
command,Take a break and stretch your legs.
command,Don't forget to set your alarm for tomorrow morning.
command,Be sure to wear sunscreen on a sunny day.
request,Can you please show me how to use this software?
request,Would it be possible to borrow your umbrella?
request,Can you recommend a good book to read?
question,What's your favorite hobby?
question,What do you usually eat for lunch?
question,What's your opinion on climate change?
social,Hope to see you again soon!
social,Cheers to a great evening!
social,Thank you for inviting me over!
forbidden_command,Do not enter the construction zone.
forbidden_command,Don't touch the fragile objects on the shelf.
forbidden_command,It is not permitted to take pictures in this museum.
question,What is the meaning of life?
question,What are your plans for the weekend?
question,What is the best way to learn a new skill?
statement,The sky is so blue today.
statement,Watching movies is my favorite pastime.
statement,I believe in treating others with kindness.
exclamation,What a stunning sunset!
exclamation,How incredible is this experience!
exclamation,That's amazing news!
command,Don't forget to turn off the stove before leaving.
command,Please take your shoes off before entering the house.
command,Be sure to double-check your work before submitting.
request,Can you please give me a ride to the train station?
request,Would you mind sharing your notes with me?
request,Can you recommend a good place to get a haircut?
social,Have a wonderful day!
social,Take care and stay safe!
social,Thank you for your kindness and generosity.
forbidden_command,Do not touch the art pieces in the gallery.
forbidden_command,Do not exceed the speed limit on this road.
forbidden_command,Smoking is strictly prohibited in this area.
question,What is the best way to stay motivated?
question,What are your favorite hobbies?
question,What's your favorite season?
statement,I believe in the power of positive thinking.
statement,Having a positive attitude can make a big difference in your life.
question,What are some good places to visit in Japan?
question,How do I improve my public speaking skills?
question,What is the best way to learn a new language?
question,How can I become more productive at work?